Note: A box cleared is worth 4 coins.
X is the number of boxes cleared per round.

A wizard blesses you.
You get X * 3 amount of coins.

After clearing X boxes, you trip and fall.
You get X * 0.5 amount of coins.

You happen upon a merchant, who needed your boxes.
You get X * 2 amount of coins.

You stumble upon a dragon's lair, finding 20 boxes.
You find X + 80 coins.

You didn't clear a single box, your boss demotes you.
You lose 35 coins.

You stumble upon an orc, who taxes your boxes.
You get X * 0.25 amount of coins.

You find a fairy inside one of the boxes.
You get X * 2 amount of coins.

You encounter a hydra during your adventure.
The hydra attacks and you lose all your coins for the day.

You encounter a hydra during your adventure.
The hydra was sleepy and didn't give you much attention. You get X amount of coins.

It was a normal day.
You get X amount of coins.

You're trapped in a cyclops' cave.
You pay 20 coins to leave.

After clearing X boxes, a demon tries to bargain a deal.
He was there to collect the debt you owed. You get X * 0.5 amount of coins.

After clearing X boxes, a demon tries to bargain a deal.
A deal was struck, you get X * 1.5 amount of coins.

You encountered a serpent and cleared X boxes.
You get X * 0.75 amount of coins.

You met a banker. He makes you a deal for your X boxes.
You get X * 4 amount of coins.

You win the lottery!
You get X * 100 amount of coins.

You lost X / 3 boxes while crossing a river.
You get 2X / 3 amount of coins.

Nothing special happened to you today.
You get X amount of coins.

You saw a cute dog today, which made you happy.
You get X * 1.25 amount of coins.

A black cat grants you good luck.
You get X + 100 amount of coins.

While walking to safety deposit for your coins, you encounter a group of goblins.
You get 0 amount of coins.

You've encounter Mr. Brown! Who gives you blessings for future endeavors.
You get X * 3 amount of coins.

You've encounter Mr. Brown! With your coding pants down.
You lose 10 coins.

You tried to dip out of school too early.
You get X * 0.5 amount of coins.

You bumped into the school bully who wanted his lunch money.
You get X * 0.25 amount of coins.

It was a windy day and some of the boxes you cleared were lost.
You get X * 0.75 amount of coins.

You came upon a shooting star.
You get X * 5 amount of coins.

You got close to winning the lottery.
You get X * 10 amount of coins.

Lord and behold! The market values your boxes more this season.
You get X * 1.5 amount of coins.

Aw drats! The market isn't interested in your boxes this season.
You get X * 0.5 amount of coins.
